[Documentation] Add community contributions guidelines to contributor docs (#65098)
woocommerce/woocommerce: docs/contribution/contributing/community-contributions.md

---
sidebar_label: Community contributions
category_slug: contributing
post_title: Community contributions
---

# Community Contributions

WooCommerce is open source software that welcomes community contributions. To help us review your contribution quickly, please follow these guidelines.

## Before You Submit

1. **Link to a related issue** - If one exists, reference it in your PR. If you're proposing a new feature or significant change, [open an issue](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/issues/new/choose) first to discuss it.

> 2. **Run tests locally** - Our CI tests are not automatically triggered for community contributions, so please verify your changes pass locally before submitting.

Reviewer: I think there are some that are still triggered, so could maybe tweak this:

```suggestion
2. **Run tests locally** - Som of the CI workflows are not automatically triggered for community contributions, so please verify your changes pass relevant tests and linting locally before submitting.
```

3. **Consolidate related changes** - If you have multiple similar fixes (e.g., typos, documentation updates), combine them into a single PR when appropriate.

## PR Requirements

When you open a PR, you'll receive an immediate review from our AI code reviewer. Before a maintainer reviews your PR, please:

1. **Fill out the entire PR template** - Include a clear description of your changes and test steps.

> 2. **Respond to all AI review feedback** - Address any issues raised by the automated review.

Reviewer: Could be clarified a bit because not every AI finding in reviews will be accurate.

```suggestion
2. **Respond to all AI review feedback** - Review automated feedback and either address it, or explain why it does not apply.
```
